Lesson 3. GitHub

CREATE NEW REPOSITORY AT GITHUB
--------------------------------
Go to github.com

PUSHING/PULLING YOUR STUFF TO GITHUB
----------------------------
Step 1. In your local repository, point it to the remote
git remote add origin https://github.com/skxuelin/reflections.git

Step 2. Push the master branch to origin. To push all your local changes to remote repository
git push -u origin master

Step 3. Pull the remote repository's changes (like other people's stuff) to your local
git pull origin master

FORKING A REPOSITORY
---------------------
It's like cloning, but intead of copying to your local, you copy a remote repository to another remote repository, so the original repository can get some credit.

git clone: copy from GitHub to local machine
fork: copy from Github to Github
git clone: copy from local to another local
branch: happens on a single repository

After you fork and get the repository copied to your own GitHub account, you want to edit it locally.
So you do git clone to get it to your local machine.
When you do a git clone, the remote origin will already be setup pointing to the your GitHub repository.
Verify by typing:
	git remote -v


MERGING BOTH LOCAL AND REMOTE REPOSITORY
----------------------------------------
Conflict issues can come up with you collaborate with other people

Your local machine stores a local copy of the remote repository as origin/.... This branch is not visible, unless you do -a. Like: git branch - a.

Update local copy of the remote repository:
git fetch remote_name, which will fetch all branches from the given remote, or git fetch with no arguments, which fetches all branches from the origin remote.

git pull master = git fetch master AND git merge master origin/master(local copy of the origin)

If there are updated changes on the remote repository, it will give message like below:
		Siska (master) recipes $ git status
		On branch master
		Your branch and 'origin/master' have diverged,
		and have 1 and 1 different commit each, respectively.
		  (use "git pull" to merge the remote branch into yours)

		nothing to commit, working directory clean


Then, you want to merge the origin/master with your changes. If there is conflict, it will give message like below:
		Siska (master) recipes $ git pull
		Auto-merging chili-recipe.txt
		CONFLICT (content): Merge conflict in chili-recipe.txt
		Automatic merge failed; fix conflicts and then commit the result


After you fix the conflict, then add, and commit, the commit needs to have -i option.
git commit -i chili-recipe.txt

FAST-FORWARD MERGES
-------------------
if the branch you are merging to is the ancestor of the branch you are merging from.

PULL_REQUEST
------------
request to merge one's branch to master
it's request for me to pull the requestor's changes in the branch into the master branch.

GIT VERSUS GITHUB
-----------------
GIT is the version control tool that GitHub is based on.
GIT is the local version, GITHub is the social part of it, on the cloud.







